UML Id: 5
Name: Help

Description: This buttom has three options for the user, the "About" option pops up a window with information about itself, having 2 other options: show Lincense and Library.
The second option is to see the log, and the third recovers the last saved project.

Primary Actors: User





UML Id: 5
User Story: Hi, Im laurene and as i look at myself using an app like gantt, i feel the need of having information at my disposure about this project, its inspiration for example.
I would also feel like looking at the history of updates in itself and being able to recover a past saved project if i feel like the path this one is taking does not match my expectations.




UML Id: UML_57006_Carlos_Soares
Name: PERT Chart

Description: The project shows a window with information about the current tasks in a PERT format.
The User can move the tasks along the screen to have a better graphical expression of the current project.
Any modification in the project's tasks is updated on the PERT chart.





User Story: Hi, Im Carla and i think this project is very usefull and organized,
but i prefer to look at things that are more visually expressed,
with less details but easier to understand the flow of the project.





UML Id: 1
Name: Gantt Tab

Description: The project shows a window with information about the current existent tasks and the
overall calendar and the user can add, modify and set a complete percentage on each task.

Primary Actors: User




UML Id: 1
User Story: Hello, i'm Sara and i have not been able to organize my weeks with all the tasks
i have to do, i allways forget some or start by some that needed to be done after some other task,
so i think i would beneficiate from an app that i could set my weekly tasks in, set it's deadlines
and start dates, create a work flow so that i can do every task without having to stop it by lack of
ability by other unfinished task and all of this in one place only.




UML Id: 3
User Story: Hello! My name is Peter and as I manage an organized firm I think the gantt project
should be able to refer to the resourses we have in hands and establish a connection between
them and the tasks that exist so I can easly define how and what a single task needs along with
seeing in what tasks a single resourse is already being used.






UML Id: 3
Name: Resourse Tab

Description: The project shows a window with information about the current resourses in the current project
and the respective tasks related. The user can create a new resourse anfd modify an existing one.

Primary Actors: User
